---
layout: post
title: Day 1
---

Ahh, the first day of summer. It's technically just the fourth day of 4x4 exams, so the poor souls who have semester courses today have to go to school. Me? Nahh, I'm done. It's summer.

So then, why exactly did I take the liberty of waking up at 5 to be at school, you ask? Good question.

See, Andrew Clark Spencer has been my friend, my mentor, my *soulmate*. On a side note, he has also been my Latin teacher for Latin I and Latin II. After a teary declaration of moving back to Ohio, my #ManusLatinae and I knew we had to do something with this legendary man on the last day of school. What better way of starting off summer than with one last day of Spencer before we never see him again for the rest of eternity?

**That**, kids, is why I was at school this morning. 

I woke up at 5:30 AM, just like a normal school day, anxious to spend this day with the coolest bae ever. My homie Joshua Zhang was just as excited. We got to his room first thing in the morning, as soon as we got there... just to be kicked out because he had to work on grades and finalizing them for report cards and stuff. 

At this point, we were still waiting on Raechel to show up since she was too lazy and didn't care enough for Spencer to be there at 7:15, so Josh and I went up to the Media Center to j chill. We were really really bored, so Josh recommended we watch *Kung Fury*, that weird Kickstarter thing that parodied every 80's movie (except for the good ones, like *Star Wars*, *Ferris Bueller*, and *The Princess Bride*). 

You know how YouTube works, you start out watching something perfectly normal, and then you end up watching a Japanese video of girls dancing to "I have a bad case of diarrhea".

Of course, my English teacher and beloved Speech and Debate coach walked by our computer just as we were watching said diarrhea video. This experience was not awkward in the slightest. 

She then gave us a job to do (thank God; if she had not done that we just might have died of boredom) - bring up all the Providence High School Speech and Debate trophies and plaques (there were a lot) to the upstairs display case. 20 minutes later, we were done, and reported back to her and told her that if there was any job whatsoever we could do, we would be happy to do it for her. She told us that she had nothing more for us to do, but would let us know if she had anything for us to do. 

At this time, it was nearing about 10:00, so we decided to give Spencer another go. Cowering behind the supporting rods next to the entrance to the Latin room, expecting an outburst as we begged for mercy from the all-powerful Andrew Spencer, we knocked on his door. 

Nothing.

About 30 seconds later, as we are about to go to Mr. Mitchell's room, we hear footsteps, and the door opens. My heart at this moment is pounding so hard like it's not even funny like I can't even (cue white girl holding Starbucks).

The door is opened, and as we duck down to protect ourselves due to the disturbance of Lord Spencer, we instead see a happy little bearded man I like to call "Happy Spencer". He tells us to come on into his room and that he can't talk much (though he did), and that most of the work for his room was already complete (though we cleaned up a lot), but we could chill if we wanted to. Right at this moment, Raechel, with perfect time accuracy, walks into the door. 