---
layout: post
title: Day 4
---
Just as I was finally beginning to get used to summer, I have to wake up early to go to the officer meeting for NCJCL. This is honestly one of the few times I excitedly wake up early. 

I woke up at 5:30, eager to see my JCL friends in Greensboro that I haven't seen since April in State Convention. I got a ride from Mr. Henkel, the teacher at Queen's Grant High, and Lisa, the former Torch editor, came along too. It was a fun ride up there; we stopped at McDonald's and got something to eat/drink too. 

As soon as we got there, I saw all those awesome kids I haven't seen in two months - James, Pete, Laura, Leo, Lizz, everyone. I was so hype. I got myself some strawberries and Oreos and sat down, anxiously waiting for the meeting to being. I was sooooo hype.

And within five minutes, every ounce of "hype" was killed. Slaughtered. Had its throat slit. 

The adults droned on about the minutia of NCJCL, and frankly, I couldn't handle a lot of it. I felt they were arguing for the sake of arguing as opposed to actually getting stuff done. (Sorry adults, but let's be real).

Finally, after a few hours, the students branched off from the adults. This was the moment I had been waiting for. To show off all my awesome ideas for NCJCL's spirit at National Convention! All the student officers went into a separate room, and after discovering that some kids had drawn bunny ears on the whiteboard, we made Laura stand under the bunny ears, and took a photo. We then proceeded to pass a motion to raise the bunny ears to a non-objectionable height. 

This time, we actually got stuff done. We split up into groups to decide how exactly the shirts were going to be made, and that was pretty awesome. We made some cool shirts, and then the non-officer Convention attendees started pouring in. After joining us, we started honing in on what exactly needed to be done. We decided on some (in my opinion) AWESOME shirts and props, and I wish ourselves good luck at National Convention (not that we need any). 

Oh yeah, in Lizz's words, it was "let's make fun of Baesed Andy day", because everyone was making fun of me. But there was free food so who gaf anyway, right?

So yeah, soon the meeting adjourned, sadly, and I was forced to return to the boring life that is my summer break. I came home, opened my laptop, and started writing this post. And I leave you now, with a solemn, *Good Night*.

And of course, my signature

*The End*